{
"id":"1",
"title":"my list item example",
"description":"This is a very very long text, that would be more convenient to check. What the text is not very long. It is necessary to write something that would take more space. With visionary programmers have not very good. If you want to hire a meaningful text writer or copywriter. This is a very very long text, that would be more convenient to check. What the text is not very long. It is necessary to write something that would take more space. With visionary programmers have not very good. If you want to hire a meaningful text writer or copywriter. This is a very very long text, that would be more convenient to check. What the text is not very long. It is necessary to write something that would take more space. With visionary programmers have not very good. If you want to hire a meaningful text writer or copywriter. This is a very very long text, that would be more convenient to check. What the text is not very long. It is necessary to write something that would take more space. With visionary programmers have not very good. If you want to hire a meaningful text writer or copywriter. This is a very very long text, that would be more convenient to check. What the text is not very long. It is necessary to write something that would take more space. With visionary programmers have not very good. If you want to hire a meaningful text writer or copywriter. This is a very very long text, that would be more convenient to check. What the text is not very long. It is necessary to write something that would take more space. With visionary programmers have not very good. If you want to hire a meaningful text writer or copywriter. This is a very very long text, that would be more convenient to check. What the text is not very long. It is necessary to write something that would take more space. With visionary programmers have not very good. If you want to hire a meaningful text writer or copywriter. vThis is a very very long text, that would be more convenient to check. What the text is not very long. It is necessary to write something that would take more space. With visionary programmers have not very good. If you want to hire a meaningful text writer or copywriter. This is a very very long text, that would be more convenient to check. What the text is not very long. It is necessary to write something that would take more space. With visionary programmers have not very good. If you want to hire a meaningful text writer or copywriter.",
"imageUrl":"https://raw.githubusercontent.com/gregorajder/SimpleData/master/item_example.png"
}